What are you most self-conscious about?
What would you do if you were the opposite sex for a month?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
What is your biggest regret?
What is the weirdest thing you have done for a boyfriend or girlfriend?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told?
What is the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had?
What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?
What bad thing have you done that no one else found out about?
What was the cruelest joke you played on someone?
Who have you loved but they didn’t love you back?
What terrible thing have you done that you lied to cover up?
Who is the sexiest person here?
Why did you break up with your last boyfriend or girlfriend?
What is the scariest dream you have ever had?
Tell us about your most awkward date.
What is something that people think you would never do but you have?
What is the meanest you have been to someone that didn’t deserve it?
Have you ever cheated or been cheated on?
Who here would you most like to make out with?
What do most of your friends think about you that is totally untrue?
What do you really hope your parents never find out about?
Tell @ something you don’t want them to know.
Tell the group something you don’t want them to know.
Have you ever made out with someone here?
What have you done that people here would judge you most for doing?
What would you do if you were the opposite gender for a day?
Do you have a crush? If so, who is it?
What started out badly for you but it was great at the end?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
What’s wrong but sounds right?
What's your guilty pleasure?
What’s the worst practical joke that you’ve played on someone or that was played on you?
What’s the best practical joke that you’ve played on someone or that was played on you?
Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
What “old person” things do you do?
Where are some unusual places you’ve been?
Where are some unusual places you’ve kissed?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
When was the last time you got to tell someone “I told you so.”?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
What’s something you really resent paying for?
What are you currently worried about?
When was the last time you were snooping, and found something you wish you hadn’t?
What are you interested in that most people aren’t?
What’s the funniest joke you know by heart?
When was the last time you felt you had a new lease on life?
What’s the most ironic thing you’ve seen happen?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
What problem are you currently grappling with?
What’s the craziest conversation you’ve overheard?
What’s the coldest you’ve ever been?
What outdoor activity haven’t you tried, but would like to?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve done or had happen while your mind was wandering?
What’s your worst example of procrastination?
What’s the clumsiest thing you’ve done?
What word is a lot of fun to say?
Dog or Cat?
Netflix or YouTube?
Phone Call or Text?
Cardio or Weights?
Ice Cream Cone or Snow Cone?
Big Party or Small Gathering?
New Clothes or New Phone?
Nice Car or Nice Home Interior?
Jogging or Hiking?
Bath or Shower?
Hamburger or Taco?
Tablet or Computer?
Car or Truck?
Pancake or Waffle?
Honesty or Other’s Feelings?
City or Countryside?
Mac or PC?
Console Gaming or PC Gaming?
What are two things you know you should how to do but don’t?
How useful would you be in a zombie apocalypse? What skills do you have that would help you and others survive?
What is something you’ve done that you wish you could undo?
Would you rather go to jail for 4 years for something you didn’t do or get away with something horrible you did but always live in fear of being caught?
Would you rather find your true love or a suitcase with five million dollars inside?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
Would you rather be a reverse centaur or a reverse mermaid/merman?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just cease to exist after you die?
Would you rather never lose your phone again or never lose your keys again?
What is the most satisfying thing?
What is your biggest fear in a relationship?
What is your weirdest habit?
How many kids would you like to have?
What was your childhood nickname?
Describe your worst date ever?
If there was no such thing as money, what would you do with your life?
What are your three favorite colors, and why?
What is your favorite food?
Describe your worst kiss ever?
What is your best talent?
Do you prefer apple or android?
If you were trapped on an island for 3 days, what would you take with you?
Would you ever consider being a nudist?
Do you believe in love at all?
What country would like to live in if you had the chance?
If you could change one thing on your body, what would it be?
What is your favorite season of the year?
How was your first kiss?
Describe your worst kiss ever?
Could you go a week without junk food?
Do you like to exercise?.
What is your dream wedding?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What is your dream job?
Would you rather humans go to the moon again or go to mars?
Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would you rather have free WI-Fi wherever you go or be able to drink unlimited free coffee at any coffee shop?
Would you rather live in a house with see-through walls in a city or in the same see-though house but in the middle of a forest far from civilization?
Would you rather be lost in a bad part of town or lost in the forest?
If you had to marry someone in this room, who would it be?
What is your crush's personality like?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
What is the most attractive feature on a person?
How far would you go on a first date?
What's the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
Would you go out with @ if they was the last person on earth?
If you only had 24 hours to live and you could do anything with anyone in this room, who would it be and what would you do with that person?
If @ was a food, what would they be, and how would you eat them?
Do you want to have kids? How many?
Do you want to get married one day?
Describe the person of your dreams.
Who would you take to prom?
What was a rumor that went around about you?
Who here do you think would be the best kisser?
How often do you check yourself out in the mirror when you're on a date?
Have you ever smoked, drink or did drugs?
Go around the room and say one positive and one negative thing about each person.
If you could go on a romantic date with anyone in this room, who would you pick?
Rate @ on a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.
Rate everyone on a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.